{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 11-17-2025\
\
Follow up with Boston RDC today or tomorrow \
\
Min wage \
- clean up notation: m_ij = 1 for i matched to j \
- c-FOC: should say that irrespective of the wage, this holds by optimal screening. Then, when the wage rises due to min wage, the MRPL(cj) goes up. That could be either because my labor goes down from oth competition at other firms, or because I increase my skill treshold. If others\'92 behavior is held fixed, the second increases. Does this mean the total labor goes up or down? \
- are wages and cutoffs strategic substitutes or complements? \
- worth exploring because this is richer than standard model:\
\'97 image high, low wage firm. wage floor in standard model can go either way depending on the demand function. \
\'97 With standard logit, wages are strategic complements -> both wages go up. \
\'97 Consider bimodal distribution of price sensitivity with 2 firms with a price ceiling. \
\'97 the skill dimension means that standard logit can predict the high firm\'92s wage go up or down\
\'97 bertrand vs cournot: in cournot, firms set quantities thinking that other firms will adjust wages such that they get their announced quantities \
\
Eqm responses to min wage \
\'97 separate into 2 terms: 1) direct effect of my min wage change, holding fixed other firms, 2) effect of competitors on me\
\'97 the LjSj has to go down conditional on other firm\'92s behaviors\
\
Goal: get 1 clean implication that cannot be delivered in the model with homogenous skill \
\
Markdowns \
- dlog c/dA vs d log w/dA: what are firms for which the bias is positive or negative? \
- clarify and simplify the example \
- what\'92s going on with the firms with negative bias? \
\
Housekeeping\
- Jennifer trying to have a draft grant by thanksgiving\
- min wage: 1) clean statement of what\'92s new, 2) descriptive of Norwegian \
- markdowns: 1) clean up example, 2) understand dlog c/dA vs d log w/dA \
- diagram way to show that there\'92s more market power, but also two sided market power: 1) pcomp 2) comp among subset 3) comp with worker market power }