{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 blp optimal instruments:\
\
- compute assuming amenity is 0 \
\
Blp from micro with macro moments (how to weight the i vs j)\
brico, marie, yoris pinksy (penn state), sagel \
\
\
Data\
US:\
- 2 month SSS review after fingerprinting, notary\
- havent heard any thing about trump messing this process up\
- fast to approve RAs\
- can only access in secure facility\
\
Norwegian \
- no formal disclosure board\
- Brad can access at home\
- has occ, education\
- has amenity surveys\
- think that someone else could get access\
- could discuss numbers even for people not added to the data access \
- less wage inequality \
- would need to bring on coauthor to manage the Norwegian data access  \
\
Want to check\
- within (firm-education-region, US) (firm-occ-region-education, Norway): coef of variation in wages or fraction of variance within \
- can we split workers into finer groups based on past wages? Experience? \
\
Instruments for wage\
- can\'92t measure TFP residual shocks since we think that\'92s also about latent skill now\
- capital (only good for manufacturing)\
- bartik export TFP \
- multi establishment housing wealth shocks (a lot of US industries have multi establishment firms)\
\
Next steps\
- start SSS process, 2-4 months\
- how would computation work, LEHD data have 1 billion worker rows\
- how to benchmark the variation we want? \
	other papers: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.3982%2FECTA16425, similar to LMS but search framework in Danish data. Grouped workers by skill groups, then looking at worker changes across skill groups over time. Did they find a consistent worker skill group \
- can we change model to describe firm as a wage schedule? They post a cutoff, wage for each group. can you structure model so that you can describe the firm with a single cutoff that gets adjusted. Yes, if you just sum up effective units of labor \
- the output data divorces the amenity data from the output side, because it tells you the marginal product of labor, which is the single number you need\
- could add different amenities for each group\
- test conduct on skill supply elasticity? \
}